Honestly speaking. I think this project went horribly on my part. I underestimated the difficulty of how to create sufficient ai for our game as I had not done it before. I overestimated my memory of previously working with 3d games. And I generally did not work hard enough nor long enough on the game. I also feel that our entire game premise was too ambitious, I knew this from the start, but I did not speak out about it.

If I was to do this again. I'd request that we do a simpler project. That we make a 2d game instead. 3d adds so much more complexity. And I wouldn't offer to do anything outside of just the Ai. I'd also go for a simpler Ai than I what I ended up going for. I'd suggest removign the one interesting thing from our game, the opposing hitman, because simply put, it was too complicated to do in our time frame.

I think I went into this project with too much confidence and leisure, because all of my other game projects are what I call "forever projects", basically projects that are never done, and can be done with that as an assumption. I also assumed that I could somehow manage to make myself interested in working with a team, working on a temporary project, and working on something that is not meant to be complete. But I couldn't, so a lot of my effort during the weeks was spent on trying to convince myself to work rather than working.

I did learn a decent bit about ai. I learnt about the nodes Godot provides for creating 3d navigation services. Though it wasn't useful for this project, I did learn about how to create valuation functions for abstract actions. And I learnt how much time I can waste by going on a tangent.
